ok this is fine warrior now on trial I
when I review spectrum games it's
because I like to I like nostalgia it's
been sadly meaning it's sort of
nostalgia nostalgia never get spare so
I've it down a bit down be safe but this
is like it's what the first games I got
I'm not offering of mom dead boys for me
I was young and I wasn't greatly
impressed but I mean I mean trying to
find games which I member planning as
young and this despite that I'm not
massively kina is it sentimentally
attached to it psycho says is like a
quite as young the best present sir yeah
I give this again so sure i'm not in
quieter Oh chief amuse you are cute
anyway here we go you can go out the
dragon guy there in that screen yea i
meant for months so you're like a
warrior like an Egyptian you can duck as
a guy of a line head and AE Oh duck that
I can't it the bastard you just like you
like you your walkie oh you saw smash
your crotch into him and caking hit him
I thought who do not like this is like
barbarian but worse I can't fucking do
shit alright control sis's so I'm dead
and what's he doing is this the way to a
movie launch do doc I'm other words any
copper year to hear some so got him now
if you / own these pots um how are you
bastard you can get like a bonus or some
weird creature comes and kills you so
you basically just press fired side to
side and hit this guy he's spits in your
face who can't spin your face alright
what is this game what is this you can /
these pots I don't know how you fucking
do it I ever did it once was creature
the strength eaten at one time spicy
gone do is hold down fire and pressing
right and I'll hitting him it was sort
of bloody game is this and male born
house who made this very cool they made
transformers game couple years ago they
still go but feeling even bought out
recently but it's nice to know an old
company which umiiral spectrum is still
go so you basically you just press power
inside and they died and he's stupid
absolute stupid game Wow but I got this
and I'm the graphics okay but these
looks like you look like me may look
when I think of me I've never known a
fighting game we use this skill i
literally just press the fire button
doing this and I so far upbeat I've got
this far duc anh yes sir each other
fucking pot
don't know how you get past it here's
lion-o again it's not a great game you
gotta count that tells you tells you how
long you got to go I mean he ducks she's
smashing her face nothing happens this
isn't a war ii game fight like a
fighting game the shin spectrum i am
basically rub my crotch in his fucking
face and he dies which my son believe
red.mike achacha my face he'll be
pistols well i'll piss off site / in the
face and it isn't it it moves this
easiest one I'm gonna hear this game
fighting wore off I that 10 because so
far I've done absolutely no skill for me
lose whatsoever I know anything about is
a palm trees woohoo chic that age I see
you baby shakin her ass for that 10 dark
I'm did this time i arrested I don't